LB-984: Reject listens with a date before October 2002 (#1693)
metabrainz/listenbrainz-server: docs/dev/json.rst

``artist_name`` and ``track_name`` elements must be simple strings.

> The payload will also include the ``listened_at`` element which must be an integer

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The payload should also include the ``listened_at`` element, which must be an integer
```

> representing the Unix time when the track was listened to. The minimum acceptable

Reviewer: ```suggestion
representing the Unix time when the track was listened to. The minimum accepted
```

> value for this field is :data:`~webserver.views.api.LISTEN_MINIMUM_TS` The only
> exception to this rule is when the listen is being played right now and has been
> retrieved from the endpoint to get listens being played right now. The
> ``listened_at`` element will be absent for such listens.

Reviewer: Not sure this is important. It seems to say "now playing items won't have this field because they don't have this field".

```suggestion
value for this field is :data:`~webserver.views.api.LISTEN_MINIMUM_TS`.
playing_now requests should not have a ``listened_at`` field
```

(we already talk about playing_now at the beginning of the doc, and say that listened_at isn't required. this just reinforces it)
